Ameerpet Links
1. Java

Kvr Advanced Java Notes Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/ADV%20-KVR%20-SATYA.pdf

Advanced Java Notes by Nataraj Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/%20ADV-%20NATRAJ%20-%20%20SATYA.pdf

Advanced Java Notes by Santosh Kumar Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/Advance-Java-Santosh.pdf


Advanced Java Notes by Suresh Kumar Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/Advance-Java-Suresh.pdf

Core Java Notes By Kv Rao(KVR) Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/CORE%20-%20KVR%20-%20SATYA.pdf


Core Java Notes By Praveen Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/Core-Java-Parveen.pdf


Core Java Notes By Durga Sir Durgasoft Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/DurgaSoft-SCJP-notes-Part-1_JavabynataraJ.pdf

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/DurgaSoft-SCJP-notes-Part-2_JavabynataraJ.pdf



SCJP Notes by Durga Sir Durgasoft Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/DurgaSoft-SCJP-notes-Part-1_JavabynataraJ.pdf

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/DurgaSoft-SCJP-notes-Part-2_JavabynataraJ.pdf



Hibernate Notes by Nataraj Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/HIBERNATE%20-%20NATRAJ%20-%20SATYA.pdf



Hibernate Notes by Sekhar (Shekar) Sir Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/Hibernate_Complete_Notes_by_Sekhar_sir_JavabynataraJ.pdf

Java J2EE notes by Naresh Technologies Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/J2EE-naresh%20tech.pdf


Satish Yellanki Oracle Notes Satya Technologies Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/Oracle-Satish-Yellanki.rar


Core Java Notes By Ramireddy Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/RamiReddy_sir_SCJP_and_Core_Java_notes.pdf


SCJP Java Notes by Ramireddy Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/RamiReddy_sir_SCJP_and_Core_Java_notes.pdf


Spring Notes by Natraj Sir Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/SPRING-NATRAJ-SATYA-BEST.pdf



Struts Notes by Nataraj Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/STRUTS%20-%20NATRAJ%20-%20SATYA.pdf

Spring and Hibernate By Santosh Kumar Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/Spring%20and%20Hibernate%20Santosh'.pdf.pdf


Spring Notes by Sriman Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/Spring-Hibernate%20by%20varma-naresh%20tech.pdf



Spring Notes by Sekhar Sir Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/Spring_AOP_MVC_by_Sekhar_JavabynataraJ.pdf

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/Spring_ORM_notes_by_SomaSekhar_Reddy_JavabynataraJ.pdf



Weblogic Notes by Nataraj Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/WAB%20LOGIC%20-%20NATRAJ%20-SATYA.pdf


Core Java Notes By Ratan Sir Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/corejava_Ratan.pdf
Web Services Notes by Nataraj Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/java/WEBSERVISES%20-%20NATRAJ%20-SATYA.pdf


2. Databases

Krishna Reddy Oracle Notes Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/DATABASES/Krishna%20Reddy%20Oracle%20Apps%20Info.pdf

IBM DB2 NOTES hydernad institute CBSI
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/SAP/DB2%20400.pdf


3. Networking

Zoom Technologies Linux Notes Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/HW%20NETWORKING/LINUX%20ADMIN.pdf

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/HW%20NETWORKING/LINUX%20BY%20ZOOM%20TECH.pdf

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/HW%20NETWORKING/LINUX%20LAB%20MANUAL%20BY%20ZOOM.pdf


Zoom Technologies Networking Notes Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/HW%20NETWORKING/LINUX%20ADMIN.pdf

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/HW%20NETWORKING/LINUX%20BY%20ZOOM%20TECH.pdf

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/HW%20NETWORKING/LINUX%20LAB%20MANUAL%20BY%20ZOOM.pdf

4. SAP

SAP notes by Hyderabad institutes PDF
 EPIC ABAP BY VENKUREDDY
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/SAP/EPIC%20ABAP.pdf

 SAP BO 3.1/4.0 - MM.RAO
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/SAP/SAP%20BO%203.14.0.pdf

SAP BW/BI by MMRao
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/SAP/SAP%20BWBI%20MNRAO.pdf

SAP ABAP BY EPIC TECHNOLOGIES
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/SAP/SAP-ABAP%20EPIC%20TECHNOLOGIES.pdf


Peers Technologies .Net Material Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/SAP/SILVERLIGHT%20PEERS%20TECH.pdf


5. Web Technologies
Php Notes by Swamy Naidu/ Swami Naidu Naresh Technologies Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/WEB%20TECH/PHP%20NARESH%20TECHNOLOGIES.pdf

Php Notes by Peers Technologies Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/WEB%20TECH/PHP%20PEERS.pdf

XML Notes by Swamy Naidu/ Swami Naidu Naresh Technologies Pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/WEB%20TECH/XML%20NARESH%20TECH.pdf


6. Android
Android notes pdf by ameerpet institute SAI TECH & android notes by durgasoft
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/android/ANDROID%20SAI%20TECH.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smlcodes/amrmat/master/android/ANDROID%20SAI%20TECH%20(2).pdf





Requests
core java note by nagoorbabu

Regards,
Satya Kaveti.
(Keep in Touch Guys)
https://www.facebook.com/satyajohnny
www.smlcodes.com













